Add success handler to getServerSideProps (#6589)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/configuration/pages.md

```jsx title="pages/auth/signin.js"
import { getProviders, signIn } from "next-auth/react"
import { getServerSession } from "next-auth/next"

> import { authOptions } from "../../pages/api/auth/[...nextauth]";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { authOptions } from "../api/auth/[...nextauth]";
```

}

export async function getServerSideProps(context) {
  const { req } = context;

>   const session = await getSession({ req });

Reviewer: Let's use `getServerSession`. Will also need the import as it seems to be missing: 
https://github.com/ChinonsoIg/next-auth/blob/0cef6f0eac11259eb8946c8f40ff68ea61262729/docs/docs/configuration/pages.md?plain=1#L81

https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/nextjs#getserversession

Author: Is `getServerSession` stable enough.
I tried it on my local environment and got this error message, "Module not found: Can't resolve 'v8'".
I tried resolving it, but no headway yet.

Reviewer: Yes, it has been for months, we recently removed the `unstable_` flag. The way it worked was always stable, I just wasn't sure about the API, so we kept the rights to change it. But since it has worked well in production for a long time, we could just remove the prefix.

You got that `v8` error because you were using it in the wrong context. `getServerSession` - as the name suggests - is meant for the server, and you were trying to use it somewhere in the browser. You could open an issue for that, but still, in this PR, we should use `getServerSession`.

Author: Ooh, I get it now.

>   const providers = await getProviders(context);
> 
>   // If sign in is successful, redirect to homepage
>   if (session) {
>     return {
>       redirect: { destination: "/" },
>     };
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If sign in is successful, redirect to homepage
  if (session) {
    return {
      redirect: { destination: "/" },
    };
  }

  const providers = await getProviders(context);
```

Only get providers if there was no session

}

export async function getServerSideProps(context) {
  const session = await getServerSession(context.req, context.res, authOptions);
  
  // If sign in is successful, redirect to homepage

>   if (session) {

Reviewer: Actually, we should probably also check that the destination is not the same as the sign-in page, otherwise, you might end up in an infinite loop.

>   // If sign in is successful, redirect to homepage
>   if (session) {
>     return {
>       redirect: { destination: "/" },
>     };
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If the user is already logged in, redirect,
  // unless the destination is on the same page,
  // to prevent infinite redirects
  const destination = "/"
  if (session && destination !== authOptions.pages?.signIn) {
    return { redirect: { destination } };
  }
```

}

export async function getServerSideProps(context) {
  const session = await getServerSession(context.req, context.res, authOptions);
  

>   // If the user is already logged in, redirect,
>   // unless the destination is on the same page,
>   // to prevent infinite redirects
>   const destination = "/"
>   // Note, this does not check hash (#) or search params (?)
>   if (session && destination !== authOptions.pages?.signIn) {
>     return { redirect: { destination } };
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If the user is already logged in, redirect.
  // Note: Make sure not to redirect to the same page
  // To avoid an infinite loop!
  if (session) {
    return { redirect: { destination: "/" } };
  }
```
